Blagh India if you are a big fan of
motorsports today we are going to take
you around on some thrilling laps on the
both international circuit in a fox
wagon polo our cup car this is a car
part by the 1.4 petrol supercharged TSI
engine which is a special engine used in
the race car here only in India this
engine produces a peak power of 170 PS a
peak torque of 250 Newton meters it is
powered by a 7-speed DSG dual-clutch
automatic transmission it has been
specially modified to run in the
racetrack so all the unnecessary stuff
on the inside has been removed and you
get these racing seats inside there is
no rear seats as you can see there are
some roll cages etc for safety and you
get the dashboard also modified for
racing
there is the 7-speed automatic
transmission which can also shift in the
manual mode and there are special ray
steering with paddle shifters I'll just
show you so you have the paddle shifts
behind the steering wheel over here this
is for reducing the gear and this side
it is for increasing the here a special
three-spoke metallic race steering over
here this is the instrument cluster with
some extra equipment let us take it for
a spin on the both international circuit
and show you how it goes
got modified from what you see on a road
box wagon polo the special component
here for aerodynamics special oil use
special race tires a spoiler on the rear
and also the front it also fairly
modified switch these are not come here
these are functional air scoops so sit
of to increase the airflow the nice
blacken headlamps over here some more
cladding on the bumper here for racy
aerodynamics the grill also seems to be
modified with some more mesh for a
comfortable airflow some car racing over
there
situations some extra locks on the
bonnet over here for extra save on the
interior are also totally worked up so
as you can see the plenty of roll cages
inside the car for safety restaurant
equipment has been removed some racing
equipment has been added on the inside
of the car
racetrack is view of the fox wagon photo
1.4 TSI with 7-speed DSG gearbox hope
you liked the video press the like
button below for more such videos please
let the subscribe button below this is
Johanna signing off thanks for watching